thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now hey
it's an iPhone app developer who are you
hi I'm Peter boxer i have i've what i've
been called hot popcorn let's give you
everything about movies gives you the
box-office it gives you top rentals lets
you see trailers it lets you buy tickets
from the app and it lets you even buy
stuff from Amazon so wait a minute okay
so this is an iPhone app for movies yeah
and it lets you buy tickets from the app
yep straight from the app it just you
don't even have to type in your credit
card information we partner with movie
tickers calm so all you have to do is
you just type in your you type in your
username and password for movie tickets
calm and it'll pull up all the saved huh
save head of cards and you've put it
into Google chicken stock so let's give
it a try here so right now it's pulling
up all the album of the information and
all the show times now this one right
here doesn't have any ones that
articulable but let's go ahead and type
in where we are right now so it's
location based its location basic it
just have it to your location but we'll
just go ahead and tell it to will type
in Seattle okay so now how many other
iPhone movie apps actually let you buy
tickets through them I believe what the
only one so a lot of them just referring
you to our website to do that extra step
and gets typing a credit card
information such we're the first ones to
sort of integrate everything altogether
so yeah so so right here you just when
you see a specific theater you want to
see saying let's say you want to go to
ten o'clock showing and just click on
turn o'clock it's kind of hard to do at
an angle yeah I know
we're not on Wi-Fi here so it's a little
slow it's going over 3G oh wow it isn't
wow it's still yeah so yeah the network
the network let's try again let's try
let's try the 7.5 show send then you're
just browsing essentially the listing
for the theater and the movie in the
theater yeah exactly so there's way two
ways to do it you could either say I
like this movie Paul blah blah Rada I
just want to see where it's playing or
another way to say is well show me just
all the theaters close by and whichever
way you end up at the same place where
you say ok I want to see this area so
here we go so let's say I want to buy
one ticket for a result one for a child
and I'm gonna say ok give me my save
card so I'm gonna type in my password
here wait how are you oh it's not it's
cool I didn't want to like you know give
it away there typing sideways here go
ahead and hold on to it I'll pan back so
it's the app is called hot popcorn and
it's available in the App Store
yeah it's we just lowered the price
today so 99 cents 99 cents Wow
so he go I typed in my information and
this is already the information I have
in before the credit card so all I have
to do to buy this is I type I want to
use my visa and I just have to type in
my security code so we'll just type in 1
2 3
that's a dummy one okay and I'll say ok
and then it'll say ok you know that's it
now all I have to do is I just put
purchased tickets and I'll be and then
you're done and all I have to do is just
it gives me a confirmation code I take
my credit card to the movie theater and
I've bought the ticket so you make sure
you've got the ticket secured yep and
it's all secure it's all through movie
tickets calm so we don't even
credit card now what about social
features in this app are there any
there's there's no social features yet
there's our thinking about that so folks
have ideas of how they want to use that
we'd love to hear about that we're huge
Twitter fans obviously and we'd love to
do something like that so you take
feedback for your app absolutely how
long are you gonna keep it at $0.99
we're gonna we just order tonight nine
cents today and we're gonna figure out
where this whole app world is different
so we're not sure yet so we'd love to
see sort of what the feedback you folks
are one of the apps on the App Store or
movies are free but we feel like we've
got a great app but it gives you a lot
more information or a lot better user
experience everybody else so fair enough
I'm glad to meet you take very much
Chris